Feeling, more than perfect, it's amazing
More than words can explain it
Purest form of reality, divinity
I've been suffering in this tiring
Crazy world like I'm drowning
There is no way to escape the thought
But finally, here I am
I'll never find another love like this, it's true
I'll never find another love like this
Baby, can you feel it too? Just like I do?
(This paradise we're going to)
I'll never find another love like this, I know
I'll never find another love like this
Baby, can I give it to you? Just like you do?
Then we'll share it too... Thank you
Wherever I go, I feel you
Now, I know that I'll never love like this
Sacred, sweet divine invitation
To heal the heart that's been breaking
And my soul has been crying out... Let me out
And I am, falling softly
Colliding, into your sweet silver lining
There's no way to escape forever
But finally, here we are
I'll never find another love like this, it's true
I'll never find another love like this
Baby, can you feel it too? Just like I do?
(This paradise we're going to)
I'll never find another love like this, I know
I'll never find another love like this
Baby, can I give it to you? Just like you do?
Better we share it too... Thank you
Wherever I go, I feel you
Now, I know that I'll never love like this
Never love like this...
Love like this...
Love like this ❤️